NAS-102847 add docs on helptext in truenas UI (#1558)
freenas/freenas-docs: userguide/snippets/usingui.rst

  the %brand% system is at IP address 192.168.1.19, enter
  :samp:`ping {192.168.1.19}` on the command line of the other
  computer. If there is no response, check network configuration.

.. _Help Text:

Help Text
~~~~~~~~~

> Every field and setting in the |web-ui| has a |help-text| icon.

Reviewer: We should probably not promise for every field, even though we try to do that.
```suggestion
Most fields and settings in the |web-ui| have a |help-text| icon.
```

Additional information about the field or setting can be shown by

> clicking |help-text|. The help text is pinned to the screen until

Reviewer: Not clear what "pinned" means here.  Maybe have the sentence about moving first:
The help text window can be dragged to any location, and will remain there until X or ? is clicked to close the window. Multiple help text windows can be open at one time.

> |help-text| is clicked again. The help text box can be dragged to any

Author: ```suggestion
|help-text| is clicked again. The help text dialog can be dragged to any
```

  the %brand% system is at IP address 192.168.1.19, enter
  :samp:`ping {192.168.1.19}` on the command line of the other
  computer. If there is no response, check network configuration.

.. _Help Text:

Help Text
~~~~~~~~~

Most fields and settings in the |web-ui| have a |help-text| icon.
Additional information about the field or setting can be shown by
clicking |help-text|. The help text window can be dragged to any

> location, and will remain there until |help-unpin| or |help-text| is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
location, and will remain there until |help-close| or |help-text| is
```

> clicked to close the window. The help text is pinned to the screen

Reviewer: This sentence about being "pinned" does not make sense and can be removed.

until |help-text| is clicked again. The help text dialog can be

> dragged to any position on the page.

Reviewer: Already mentioned draggability above, just remove this last sentence.
